- [Nana K.] It's May already,
but at night the wind still
feels so cold.
It's a lot like my
hometown in the mountains.
I always thought Tokyo would be
different.
I had imagined it being
a much warmer place.
(upbeat rock music)
(soft somber music)
(dishes clattering softly)
(cars roaring softly)
- [Nana O.] We're still in
Tokyo,
but it feels like the country.
- Yeah, don't you think there's
something weird going on
with the weather?
One day it's hot like summer,
and the next it's so cold
it feels like winter again.
- The earth is screwed up. It's
literally gonna fall apart.
It scares me.
- You're what scares me, Shin.
You're gonna go straight to
hell, you know that, right?
- Why is that?
(Nana K. sneezing)
(phone chiming)
Oh, I guess that's mine.
Hi, this is Shin. Oh, hi Mayumi.
Yeah, I think that should
be okay. Where are you?
Roppongi?
Not really, but I'm kinda stuck
out in the burbs right now.
- Huh?
- You'll pay the cab fair for
me? Really?
Well okay then. I'll be right
over.
Sorry ladies, I've got
some business to attend to,
so I'm gonna have to go.
- Oh, well take care of
yourself and have a nice time.
- Shin, I don't really care
how you live your life,
but don't you dare do anything
that's gonna give the band a bad
rap.
- Nana.
- Huh?
- Shin's only 15, you
can't talk to him like that
or you'll push him away.
You gotta be more gentle with
him.
What if he runs off and joins
a biker gang or something?
(dramatic emotional music)
Listen to me Shin,
I've got no idea why you
decided to run away from home,
but I'm guessing things
must have been really hard for
you there.
Your stepmother must have been
so mean.
- My stepmother?
- It's okay.
I won't make you talk about
it if it's too painful.
Poor Shin.
But you have to understand one
thing.
Underestimate us women,
and you're gonna get hurt.
(wind whooshing)
- [Shin] Okay. I promise I'll be
careful.
(car roaring)
- Well, that should do it.
- Should do what?
What makes you think anything's
changed?
He's not gonna listen to advice
from you.
- Advice? I wasn't giving him
advice.
I was warning him.
- Yeah, well I'm outta here.
I gotta work in the morning.
(Nana K. gasping)
- Nana. Don't go home
yet, stay here with me.
What'll I do here all by myself?
- You're not seriously gonna
wait
for Shoji to get off work, are
you?
He's gonna be at least another
hour.
- Yeah, but-
- Anyway, what's the point in
waiting?
He said he was gonna come over
later.
- I know.
But Jun told me I have to try
harder to show him I care.
- Alright, fine, let's
wait for him inside then.
- No, that's too obvious.
He told me not to wait,
so I don't wanna look
like some weirdo stalker.
- Well, in that case let's go
home.
- No, I wanna make him think I
went home
so when he sees I actually
waited for him
he'll be totally impressed with
me.
- That's stupid.
(Nana K. gasping)
- You don't understand what
it's like to be a woman in love.
- You're right, I don't.
I hate all the manipulative
crap that goes along with it.
If you're gonna wait for him,
wait because you love
him and no other reason
and then I'll stay here with
you.
- Well, of course.
That's the most obvious reason
why I would wait for him.
- Then stop playing games.
Just wag your tail quietly and
wait.
(footsteps tapping)
(soft somber music)
I hate all the manipulative
crap that goes along with it.
(Nana K. sneezing)
(jacket rustling)
- Nana. Here, I don't
want you to catch a cold.
- I'm not as fragile as you.
Besides, it's not that cold
anyway.
- Are you kidding? It's freezing
tonight.
- Compared to what it's like
back home,
Tokyo's a tropical paradise.
We were buried in snow for half
a year.
- [Nana K.] So that's
what her hometown is like.
One day I'd like to see where
she grew up.
Thanks for the jacket. It's nice
and warm.
- [Nana O.] Mhm.
- You know when Shoji said
he needed to talk to me?
It sounded kinda serious.
There was something in his
voice that got me worried.
And that's the reason
I didn't wanna go home.
Thanks, Nana, for waiting with
me.
(soft somber music continues)
(Nana O. humming)
I just didn't feel like
talking, so instead I listened
to some song Nana was humming to
herself.
Nana's eyes were so clear.
They were eyes that seemed to
fit better
with snow topped mountains
than in the city,
where you can't even see the
stars.
She was right. I was being
manipulative.
Why couldn't I just wait for
Shoji
without expecting something in
return?
I wasn't as naive as
everyone thought I was.
But I sure pretended to be,
because I wanted Nana to like
me.
(locker thudding)
- I'm goin' home. See ya later.
- Huh?
- Uh.
(Sachiko moaning softly)
(Shoji sighing)
(Shoji grunting)
- Sachiko.
I'm gonna break up with my
girlfriend.
(Sachiko sobbing)
Hey.
(lighter clicking)
(Nana O. exhaling)
(door slamming)
- Huh, looks like they're
closing up.
They're startin' to leave.
- Finally.
- [Shoji] Sachiko!
(dramatic poignant music)
(Sachiko gasping)
- [Nana K.] What the?
- Huh?
(Sachiko gasping)
- [Nana K.] No. That girl.
- I'm sorry.
- [Nana K.] He said Sachiko.
This is like a bad dream.
- [Nana O.] What are you
doing, Shoji? Who's this girl?
(Sachiko sobbing)
- My girlfriend.
- What?
(Sachiko gasping)
Hold on! Are you telling me
you've got two girlfriends?
Boy, what a lucky guy.
- [Nana K.] No, this can't be.
- I think we need to talk.
- [Nana K.] There's gotta
be some sort of mistake.
- I'm sorry.
- [Nana K.] Shoji wouldn't do
this to me.
(dramatic poignant music
continues)
(cigarette tapping)
(dramatic whooshing music)
- No, don't!
- [Shoji] Sachiko, it's okay,
stay back.
- [Sachiko] Don't hurt him!
- [Nana O.] Shut up, he
deserves to get his ass kicked.
- [Sachiko] No, stop it.
- This has got nothing to do
with you.
- It has nothing to do with you!
- [Nana O.] She's got a point.
- If you wanna hit someone,
you should be hitting me.
- Hey, come on.
- It's all my fault.
I went and fell in love with him
even though I knew he had a
girlfriend.
But I just couldn't stop myself.
I won't hide it anymore,
so go ahead and hit me.
(Sachiko breathing nervously)
(Nana O. chuckling)
- You've got some nerve.
- Please, just stop.
- Hachi! Why are you just
standing there?
He's your boyfriend,
you gotta do something.
(Nana K. whimpering softly)
If you don't, you're gonna lose
him.
He's your boyfriend!
Fight for 'im.
(dramatic music)
- I don't want him.
I never wanna see him again.
I wasn't capable of
forgiving that betrayal.
I had too much pride
to fight for someone who hurt me
so badly.
So of course I lost him.
(birds chirping faintly)
(soft music)
The next day I couldn't
get out of bed.
It was like I had the
flu or something.
I just lay there.
I knew I needed something to
distract me.
I tried not to think about it,
but nothing seemed to help.
I just didn't have the energy.
(Nana K. gasping)
I couldn't stop dreaming
about Shoji.
(doorbell ringing)
Coming.
Hello, how can I help you?
♪ To cry ♪
(Nana K. gasping)
Was that Ren?
Oh my God. It was just a dream.
My heart's been broken, so now
I'm dreaming of rock stars?
But why Ren?
Huh?
I guess it was 'cause of this.
Why wasn't I dreaming
about Takumi?
(doorbell ringing)
Someone really is at the door.
Maybe it's Takumi, or Naoki,
or it could even be Reira.
Alright, I'm coming!
Huh?
- Nana, thank God
you're alive. Oh.
- Oh, it's only you Jun.
- Seriously. I was ringing
that doorbell for so long.
Why didn't you answer?
I was scared you'd slit
your wrist or something.
I was freaking out.
- Slit my wrists?
- I guess you're here
'cause you heard about
what happened last night?
I didn't think about
slitting my wrists.
Might be better than
jumping in the river.
(dog barking faintly)
Nana must have called you
and asked if you'd
check in on me today.
- [Junko] Huh?
- Well, she had to go to work
and she was probably worried
about leaving me here
on my own all day.
- To be honest, I don't think
Nana's that considerate.
- Huh?
- It was Shoji who told
me. He called me earlier.
He said he was worried about
you.
- Oh, he's worried.
(Junko sighing)
If he can't tell me himself,
let him worry all he wants.
(Nana K. sobbing)
- You're right. It was stupid
of me to tell you that.
But you know, I think Shoji's
having a hard time too.
You know how he is.
- What? Don't tell me
you're taking his side!
- No, of course not.
I'm just saying-
- Who knows how long
he was cheating on me.
- It can't have been that long,
and also try not to
think of it like that.
- Why are you sticking
up for him?
(Nana K. sobbing)
(Junko slurping)
- Maybe you're right.
It's hard for me,
Shoji is a really good
friend, and so are you.
I feel like I'm stuck
in the middle.
I'm not always gonna be
able to take your side.
Oh, I don't want you to always
be the one who's the victim.
I'll admit that Shoji should
have broken up with you
before starting something
new with someone else.
But before that even happened,
you gotta admit there were
problems between you two.
- Nana K.] Yeah, I know.
But I tried so hard, Jun.
I really did.
I even got a job so I could
be totally independent.
- But Nana, that was something
you did
because you wanted to, right?
As usual, I think you were
only thinking about yourself.
Shoji felt a little left
out of the equation.
Relationships are about
being there for each other.
Unless you put equal time,
effort,
and consideration into it,
there's no way it can work.
(soft somber music)
- Hachi, I'm home.
(light clicking)
- Huh?
- What are you doing sitting in
the dark?
It's only gonna make you
more depressed, you know
- Nana, you're home already?
No way. It can't be that late.
You must be hungry, right?
I'm sorry,
I didn't get around to
making anything for dinner.
- I figured. So I got us some
takeout.
Let's eat.
(Nana K. whimpering)
No need to cry. It's just food.
- I've always thought you
were pretty self-centered,
but deep down you're really
considerate and caring.
- Considerate and caring?
And hey, self-centered?
- But look at me, only
ever thinking of myself.
I didn't even think about you
coming home
from a hard day's work
with an empty stomach.
- You don't have to do
that sort of thing for me.
- Friendships are about
being there for each other.
- Well, yeah, that's pretty
obvious.
- At least let me make some tea.
- By the way, a letter
arrive for you from Natsuko.
- Really, from my mom?
- She must have like a
sixth sense or something.
When you're in a bind, she
always seems to come through.
That's what mothers are for, I
guess.
(paper rustling)
- I wonder what it is.
If she's asking me to come home,
I'd probably do it in a second.
That's all she says?
No motherly advice? No comfort?
(Nana K. gasping)
(Nana K. screaming)
- Hachi, what's wrong, are you
okay?
- Oh my God. I need scissors.
Where are they? A razor blade
will do it.
- A razor blade?
Don't do it. Shoji isn't worth
it.
Of course he isn't, I know that.
These are the tickets for the
concert.
- [Nana O.] What?
- The tickets for the Trapnest
concert.
I already ordered tickets.
Do you wanna go with me?
Nana?
Even though it's painful
sometimes,
if you keep on living,
good things can happen.
(soft chill music)
They're front row seats.
When I think about it, I
never had much luck back then.
It was as if luck was
avoiding me every day,
especially when it came
to things like this.
Those tickets were a gift from
the gods,
especially for you, Nana.